---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airtelcloud_lb_service Resource - terraform-provider-airtelcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Airtel Cloud Load Balancer Service.
---

# airtelcloud_lb_service (Resource)

Manages an Airtel Cloud Load Balancer Service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) The network (subnet) ID for the load balancer.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID.
- `vpc_name` (String) The VPC name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the load balancer service.
- `ha` (Boolean) Whether to enable high availability. Defaults to `false`.
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer service.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `az_name` (String) The availability zone name.
- `created` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `flavor_id` (Number) The LB flavor ID, automatically resolved by the provider.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB service.
- `operating_status` (String) The operating status of the LB service.
- `status` (String) The current status of the LB service.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
